All right, so we've got our
hero component on the page and
now we wanna get some
information about the movie.
And we wanna show that trailer
if one exists for the page.
First thing we'll do is create a new
column and we'll make it a grid.
And if we have a trailer we're gonna put
the YouTube embed in the left-hand spot.
All right, so there's our iframe,
we just need to
add all the attributes that is
gonna turn it into a YouTube embed.
The source of the iframe is gonna be
the YouTube URL, youtube.com/embed.
And then the trailer object
has a key property which
will uniquely identify that video.
And you can see that it is now showing
the Super Mario video in there, but
we need to add a few more things
before it's gonna look nice.
We need to add a title so that people
using assistive technologies know what's
in the iframe, we're gonna get
rid of that ugly frame border,
The YouTube documentation says that in
order for this to work, we need to get rid
of or we need to allow various properties,
we need to allow the accelerometer.
I'm not sure why we need this stuff.
And I haven't tested to see if
it actually is necessary, but
I'm just gonna copy the documentation for
now.
And don't worry if you're not
keeping up with this part,
the code is available on GitHub and
so you can copy and paste as needed.
And finally we'll allow full screen.
So that the full screen button
in the iframe works, okay?
On the right hand side, we are gonna
have a list of data about the movie,
things like the release date, the box
office revenue, the genre, and so on.
A good element to use for
this is the dl element which stands for
data list, I'm gonna give it
some children which are dt and
dd elements, that's data type and
data data maybe,
I'm not sure, we would have to ask.
And then each of these is a key value pair
where the dt is the key and
the dd is the pair.
I'm not sure who named these things.
Data movie, release date is one of the
properties available, so we'll use that.
And you can see that it's now showing that
but it's showing it in the wrong place.
We want this to be to the right
hand side of the trailer.
So let's start adding some styles.
That grid should obviously
have a display value of grid.
And it's gonna have a max
width of the column width,
because we already have the column class.
Give it some vertical padding by
applying a margin and we'll put some
spacing between the elements inside
the grid as well by using gap.
That iframe there is gonna have
an aspect ratio of 16 over 9,
that's the standard aspect ratio for
these things, and
it's gonna have a width of 100% so
it fills its grid area.
On large enough screens, we want
this to be a side-by-side situation.
So we'll add a media query.
Add some columns to our grid
using grid template columns.
One fr, one fr just means one fraction one
fraction and there'll be equally sized.
We save that now hopefully, we're gonna
see that the iframe is on the left and
all of the data is on the right.
We'll make the dl element a grid as well.
And we want the left hand column at
this grid to just be the maximum of
whatever the content in that column is and
we can do that with the max content rule.
And we'll give this a gap as well so
that the dt and
the dd don't butt right
up against each other.
And we'll add some styles to the dt,
text transform uppercase will bump
the font size down a little bit.
Do let's say 0.8rems, and we'll drop
the color back a tiny bit as well.
The dd currently has that
outrageous margin to the left, so
we're gonna get rid of that.
That looks a little bit nicer.
I'm just gonna slightly
offset the dt element there.
So that things are centrally aligned.
We can add some more data now,
we're gonna add the movie's runtime.
I'm at the age where the runtime
is the first thing I look at when
I'm evaluating whether
to commit to a movie.
And the runtime is gonna
be expressed in minutes.
See if Mario Brothers is a nice and
short 92 minutes.
We're gonna specify
minutes in the text there.
It's expanding to fill
the vertical height available, so
we're just gonna tell it to not
do that by targeting the dl and
giving a height of 0,
we'll add the rest of the data.
We're gonna add the movers budget.
And then expresses that as
the actual number of dollars,
which is kinda difficult to read.
So I'm gonna divide that by a million and
round it.
And it's in US dollars, so
I'll stick a dollar site in front of it.
And an M at the end for
million, $100 million for
a Super Mario Brothers movie, remarkable.
And then we'll find out how much
revenue it made, just gonna copy that.
>> I remember when video games were niche.
>> Yeah.
My god, the Super Mario Brothers
movie made $420 million.
That is massive.
All right, and the final piece of data
that we're gonna add is the genre.
Every time I see that word I think
of the viral Alex Trebek video,
the supercut of him saying genre
in various different ways.
Look it up if you haven't seen it,
it's well worth the watch.
So, genres is an array of objects
with an ID property which is just
an arbitrary number that corresponds
to this API and also a name property.
So we can just list out the genres
that apply to this movie.
Data.movie.genres.map, g g.name,
I'm gonna join those
with a comma separator.
Okay, you see that the Mario Brothers
movie is an animation
adventure family fantasy comedy movie.
Okay, so
we're almost done with our movie page.
The last thing that we want to
add is a list of recommendations.
So we have this on the, here's one
I made earlier version of this app,
you might also like all of these movies.
If you like one movie then the movie
database has some recommendations for
other movies that you might like.
And because in our page load function,
we asked to append recommendations
to the response, we actually have
a list of movie recommendations
that we can just add with the carousel
component to the movie page.
So let's do that now.
In our page.svelte we'll
add the carousel component.
The movies=
data.movie.recommendations.results.
And that carousel component needs
to receive a view object and an HF.
We're gonna make these
two things optional.
Because we don't have a view for
this, and we don't have an HF either.
Because we don't have a full results
page for the recommendations.
So that is already inside an if block, so
we don't need to change anything there.
This view object, you remember
it has a title and an endpoint.
The only thing that we care about inside
the carousel component is the title.
So I'm gonna cheat a little bit and
do view equals and
then I'm just gonna pass in object
that says you might also like,
and then just to keep TypeScript happy,
give it an empty endpoint.
Right, looks like I managed to
introduce syntax error here.
And V is very helpfully telling me in
the browser instead of burying the message
somewhere in my terminal.
Okay, VS code does matter
right holies of this.
So let me just clean this up,
get rid of that quote.
And then we need to pass
in the movies of course.
All right, let's see if that works.
Turns out we don't have any
recommendations for Super Mario Brothers.
So let's put this inside an if block, if
data.movie.recommendations.results.length
is greater than 0,
we'll render that component
otherwise we won't.
All right, if we go back to our page and
look at say, quantomania,
then it's gonna say that
you might also like, and
I would expect to see a bunch of other
Marvel films in here, although it's
actually giving us a commendably broad
array of viewing recommendations.